Hello everyone and welcome to the new
ok my name is i today i want you
show each new addition
pokemon collectible card game
which is called the clear fist of me
there is one mr and 4 points and I want
unpack them and see for help
what cards yarosh and racial hungry what
perhaps I'll start with a booster each
booster contains 10 cards and one more
code card for how online
so what's the map here is waiting for us captcha
no shell pits trail give you war
laslo me basically everything here
electric shiny so this is someone
is brother also a brilliant investigator
fossil trainer assistant
Caviar ring new stadium for bottom
It is written that there are 111 such cards
There are 10 and 111 new cards I already have
eat well opening the next 5 classes
and there in the lane
we did not have a package and my class and me
now from blood a fairy
they're cool electro bass
well such some
I have a vibro too
overflows
physics already iridescent
another weepinbell sausage is
which of the torzha becomes
stadium for battles cool you touch hare
neighbors bunny is really Panchan Katya
can more
again graphite oh raycha
interrupt the legion Sairan too
Maintenance
trainer subject and removed but this time
I do not miss Shaun 4 guests
olives cry on this sloth
my drausi you
spend a stadium for battles announce it
excellent it is 2 1 with you is not a second
stage shines its brand shining robe
machoke sabom hitman whether i'm a corner
don't even see it's time to open
the blister quickly is usually intact by these so
just be okay opened without
losses and here I am waiting for two more boosters
bellsprout tomatoes
wiki tank with the language of women
me baht again electro bass path
replay went up the mountain ring stadium
political council machoke wiki wiki
this is a revolution tango sounds
full healing rod is located means
to the last booster for today captcha
noll it also more more
liqpay he is probably a brilliant jinky
oliver oliver
machoke in general, now I have mine
collection replenished
for as many as 60 new cards a whole bunch of them
Great it will be possible to improve my gaming
deck and sort the remaining cards
my album with a collection of all the Well
In my opinion a lot of decent card
please write in the comments what
the harp and be sure you got
subscribe to my youtube channel and
as well as on channel new labs twitching order
not to miss my stream
all necessary links you will find below
under the video for now